bpo-24416: Return a IsoCalendarDate from date.isocalendar() (#15633)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.9.rst

Improved Modules
================

datetime
--------

> The :meth:`~datetime.date.isocalendar()` of :class:`datetime.date`

Reviewer: This wording seems overly verbose. I suggest:

```ReST
The ``isocalendar()`` methods of :class:`datetime.date` and :class:`datetime.datetime` now return ...
```

and :meth:`~datetime.datetime.isocalendar()` of :class:`datetime.datetime`

> methods now returns a :func:`~collections.namedtuple` instead of a :class:`tuple`.

Reviewer: Both here and in the NEWS entry:

```suggestion
methods now return a :term:`named tuple` instead of a :class:`tuple`.
```

multiline indented output.
(Contributed by Serhiy Storchaka in :issue:`37995`.)

datetime
--------
The ``isocalendar()`` methods of :class:`datetime.date` and

> :class:`datetime.datetime` now return a :class:`IsoCalendarDate`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:class:`datetime.datetime` now return a named tuple
```

Or

```suggestion
:class:`datetime.datetime` now return a :term:`named tuple`
```
